I'm Andrei Vatavu.
I'm a sensor fusion engineer and I'm a part of a team taking care of
combining data provided by different sensors such as LIDAR,
radars, cameras, and all of this
to get a more consistent representation of the environment.
Including static, dynamic objects,
traffic lights, free-space and other traffic participants.
This is a common project between Mercedes Benz and Porsche
to build a self-driving car and of course,
put it into production
I've been doing various tasks including object tracking and object detection,
however, if we talk about the radar sensor itself,
there is a dedicated team that builds the radar from
scratch and then we get measurements such as range,
range rate, angle to apply our sensor fusion algorithms.
Probably, it has to be mentioned that
the received information from the radar interface is not prefiltered,
but it's rather our sense of
fusion task to do the object tracking by using this radar information.